add aws ssm new commands (#43879)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS/ReleaseNotes/2_2_0.md

- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-traffic-mirror-session-create*** command to create a Traffic Mirror session that actively copies packets from a Traffic Mirror source to a Traffic Mirror target.
- Added support for the ***aws-eks-clusters-list*** command to return a list of EKS clusters.
- Added support for the ***aws-eks-access-entry-create*** command to create a new access entry for an Amazon EKS cluster.

> - Added support for the ***aws-eks-access-entry-update*** command to update an existing Access Entry for an Amazon EKS cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the ***aws-eks-access-entry-update*** command, which updates an existing access entry for an Amazon EKS cluster.
```

> - Added the ***aws-ssm-command-list*** command that lists the commands requested by users of the AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***aws-ssm-command-list*** command that returns a list of commands requested by users.
```

- Added the ***aws-ssm-command-cancel*** command that cancels a specified SSM command and polls until the cancellation is confirmed.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-tag-add*** command that adds or overwrites one or more tags for a specified SSM resource.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-tag-remove*** command that removes tag keys from a specified SSM resource.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-tag-list*** command that returns a list of the tags assigned to a specified SSM resource.

> - Added the ***aws-ssm-inventory-list*** command that queries SSM inventory information for managed nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***aws-ssm-inventory-list*** command that retrieves AWS SSM inventory information for managed nodes.
```

- Added the ***aws-ssm-associations-list*** command that returns all State Manager associations in the current AWS account and Region.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-association-get*** command that describes the association for a specified target or managed node.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-association-version-list*** command that retrieves all versions of an association for a specific association ID.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-documents-list*** command that returns all SSM documents in the current AWS account and Region.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-document-get*** command that describes a specified SSM document.
- Added the ***aws-ssm-automation-execution-list*** command that provides details about all active and terminated Automation executions.

> - Added the ***aws-ssm-automation-execution-run*** command that initiates execution of an Automation runbook and polls until the execution reaches a terminal state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***aws-ssm-automation-execution-run*** command that initiates an automation runbook execution and polls until it reaches a terminal state.
```

> - Added the ***aws-ssm-automation-execution-cancel*** command that stops a running Automation execution and polls until the cancellation is confirmed.

Reviewer 2: Add the updates to a new file and update the version to 2.3.0.
